The new music experience, designed exclusively for Siri, is just $4.99 per monthCUPERTINO, Calif., October 18, 2021--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apple® today announced the Apple Music® Voice Plan, a new subscription tier for Apple Music designed around the power of Siri®. The Apple Music Voice Plan offers subscribers access to the service’s catalog of 90 million songs; tens of thousands of playlists, including hundreds of brand new mood and activity playlists, personalized mixes, and genre stations; as well as the award-winning Apple Music Radio — all through Siri for just $4.99 per month.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20211018005753/en/The Apple Music Voice Plan is designed around the power of Siri, and will be available this fall in 17 countries and regions. (Photo: Business Wire)"Apple Music and Siri are natural partners and already work seamlessly together," said Oliver Schusser, Apple’s vice president of Apple Music and Beats. "With Siri actively used on hundreds of millions of devices worldwide, we are thrilled to add this new plan that delivers an effortless music experience just by using your voice and makes Apple Music accessible to even more people around the world."Users can subscribe to the Apple Music Voice Plan through Siri by saying "Hey Siri, start my Apple Music Voice trial," or by signing up through the Apple Music app. Once subscribed to the Apple Music Voice Plan, users can request music be played across all of their Siri-enabled devices, including HomePod mini®, AirPods®, iPhone®, or any other Apple device, and when using CarPlay®.Apple Music is also adding hundreds of new mood and activity playlists created by Apple Music’s editorial experts that are fully optimized just for voice. Subscribers can ask Siri to "Play the dinner party playlist," "Play something chill," or even "Play more like this" for a truly personalized music experience. These new playlists are available to every subscriber of any Apple Music plan — and make using Apple Music, together with Siri, even better. Subscribers to the Apple Music Voice Plan will also have access to Apple Music’s entire lineup of playlists, including favorites like New Music Daily, Rap Life, Today’s Hits, Today’s Country, A-List Pop, R&B Now, and more.Story continuesThe Apple Music Voice Plan will be available later this fall in 17 countries and regions, including Australia, Austria, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Spain, Taiwan, the United Kingdom, and the United States.Apple Music Voice Plan subscribers will get a customized in-app experience with suggestions based on the listener’s music preferences and a queue of recently played music through Siri. Within the app there will also be a dedicated section called "Just Ask Siri" where subscribers can learn tips to optimize Siri for Apple Music.For access to Apple Music’s premium offerings, including Spatial Audio and Lossless Audio, Lyrics, Music Videos, and more, subscribers can easily switch to Apple Music’s individual plan for $9.99 per month or family plan with up to six accounts for $14.99 per month at any time.Pricing and AvailabilityThe new Apple Music Voice Plan for $4.99 (US) per month is available later this fall in select countries and regions.Access to Apple Music’s global catalog of over 90 million songs is available through Siri.Subscribers have full playback controls including unlimited song-skipping through Siri.The Apple Music Voice Plan offers hundreds of brand new stations and playlists for every mood and activity designed for easy voice requests.Subscribers can access the Apple Music Voice Plan across all of their Siri-enabled devices and features, including HomePod mini, AirPods, CarPlay, iPhone, iPad®, Apple Watch®, Apple TV®, and Mac®.A one-time, seven-day free preview with no auto-renewal is offered to nonsubscribers who request music through Siri.About Apple MusicApple loves music. Apple revolutionized the music experience with iPod and iTunes. Today, Apple Music celebrates musicians, songwriters, producers, and fans with a catalog of over 90 million songs, expertly curated playlists, and the best artist interviews, conversations, and global premieres with the award-winning Apple Music Radio. With original content from the most respected and beloved people in music, autoplay, time-sync lyrics, Lossless Audio, and immersive sound powered by Spatial Audio with Dolby Atmos, Apple Music offers the world’s best listening experience, helping listeners discover new music and enjoy their favorites while empowering the global artist community. Apple Music is available in over 165 countries and regions on iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac, Apple Watch, Apple TV, HomePod mini, CarPlay, and online at music.apple.com, plus popular smart speakers, smart TVs, and Android and Windows devices. Apple Music is ad-free and never shares consumer data with third parties. More information is available at apple.com/apple-music.Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch, and Apple TV. Apple’s five software platforms — iOS, iPadOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay, and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.NOTE TO EDITORS: For additional information visit Apple Newsroom (www.apple.com/newsroom), or call Apple’s Media Helpline at (408) 974-2042.© 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Apple Music, Siri, HomePod mini, AirPods, iPhone, CarPlay, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV, and Mac are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20211018005753/en/ContactsJessica BassApplejessica_bass@apple.com 424-326-7534Brian BumberyApplebumbery@apple.com 424-326-4156