2/1/22, 9:17 AM Apple, US Developers Agree to App Store Updates That Will Support Businesses and Maintain a Great Experience for Users
Quote Lookup
ApAplep Incp. (AlAeP,L) US Developers Agree to App
Add to watchlist Visitors trend 2W 10W 9M
NasdaqGS - NasdaqGS Real Time Price. Currency in USD Related Quotes
1S7t0o.3r3e Updates That Will Support SymbQoluote LookupLast Price Change % Change
+11.11 (+6.98%) 170.70 +0.37 (+0.22%)
       
AAPL 173.81 -0.97 -0.55%
At cBlose:u Janusaryi 2n8 04e:00PsM sESTes and MAftaer hoiunrs: Jatn 2a8, 0i7n:59P Ma EST Great Apple Inc.
Summary Company Outlook Chart Conversations Statistics Historical Data Proﬁle Financials Analysis Options Holders Sustainability
Experience for Users Recently Viewed
Symbol Last Price Change % Change
AAPL 173.81 -0.97 -0.55%
Apple Inc.
August 26, 2021
In this article:
AAPL
-0.55%
CUPERTINO, Calif., August 27, 2021--(BUSINESS
Teen who turned down $5,000 from Elon
WIRE)--Apple® today announced a number of
Musk to shut down a Twitter account
changes coming to the App Store® that, pending tracking the billionaire's jet says he gets too…
Business Insider
court approval, will resolve a class-action suit from
US developers. The terms of the agreement will
help make the App Store an even better business
opportunity for developers, while maintaining the
safe and trusted marketplace users love. Apple
appreciates the developer feedback and ideas that
helped inform the agreement, and respects the NFTs bring live event tickets ‘to life,’
YellowHeart CEO says
ongoing judicial review process.
Yahoo Finance
The agreement clariﬁes that developers can share
purchase options with users outside of their iOS
app; expands the price points developers can oﬀer
for subscriptions, in-app purchases, and paid apps;
and establishes a new fund to assist qualifying US
developers. The updates constitute the latest
What's next for President Biden and the
economy
chapter of Apple’s longstanding eﬀorts to evolve
Yahoo Finance Video
the App Store into an even better marketplace for
users and developers alike.
"From the beginning, the App Store has been an
economic miracle; it is the safest and most trusted
place for users to get apps, and an incredible
business opportunity for developers to innovate,
Oil Punches Higher at the Week’s Open on
Finance Home Watchlists My Portfolio Cryptocurrencies Screeners Yahoo Finance Plus MaUrkkertasine, Demand Outlook
thrive, and grow," said Phil Schiller, Apple Fellow
Bloomberg
whooverseestheAppStore "Wewouldliketo
https://ﬁnance.yahoo.com/news/apple-us-developers-agree-app-000000693.html 1/42/1/22, 9:17 AM Apple, US Developers Agree to App Store Updates That Will Support Businesses and Maintain a Great Experience for Users
who oversees the App Store.  We would like to
thank the developers who worked with us to reach
these agreements in support of the goals of the
App Store and to the beneﬁt of all of our users."
Providing More Flexibility and Resources for
Small Developers
US sends Osprey to South China Sea on
Following a productive dialogue, Apple and the crashed F-35C jet salvage mission, Chinese
think tank says on Twitter
plaintiﬀs in the Cameron et al v. Apple Inc.
South China Morning Post
developer suit reached an agreement that identiﬁes
seven key priorities shared by Apple and small
developers, which has been submitted to the judge
presiding over the case for her approval.
In a validation of the App Store Small Business
Program’s success, Apple and the developers
UPDATE 3-More than 1,400 U.S. ﬂights
agreed to maintain the program in its current canceled by winter storm in Northeast
Reuters
structure for at least the next three years.
Businesses earning less than $1 million annually
will continue to beneﬁt from the reduced
commission, while larger developers pay the App
Store’s standard commission on app purchases
and in-app payments.
Story continues
Finance Home Watchlists My Portfolio Cryptocurrencies Screeners Yahoo Finance Plus Markets
https://ﬁnance.yahoo.com/news/apple-us-developers-agree-app-000000693.html 2/42/1/22, 9:17 AM Apple, US Developers Agree to App Store Updates That Will Support Businesses and Maintain a Great Experience for Users
Finance Home Watchlists My Portfolio Cryptocurrencies Screeners Yahoo Finance Plus Markets
https://ﬁnance.yahoo.com/news/apple-us-developers-agree-app-000000693.html 3/42/1/22, 9:17 AM Apple, US Developers Agree to App Store Updates That Will Support Businesses and Maintain a Great Experience for Users
Recommended Stories
Yahoo Finance Video Motley Fool Yahoo Finance Video Motley Fool Motley Fool
UPS boosts dividend by 1 Growth Stock Down 76% AT&T to spin oﬀ Warner Why Plug Power, Bloom Why Carnival Corporation
48%, stock rises That Could Soar, According Media, AMC stock rises on Energy, and Other Fuel Cell Stock Popped Today
to Wall Street Q4 guidance Stocks Jumped Today
Yahoo Finance Video Investor's Business Daily American City Business Investor's Business Daily Motley Fool
Journals
SPACs: Some EV Here's The 'New AT&T' If AT&T Stock Falls On 2 Wildly Undervalued Dow
companies are ‘close to You Want A Rock-Solid In drag races between Slashed Dividend, Spin Oﬀ Dividend Stocks to Buy in
valueless,’ strategist says Dividend Lucid and Tesla, one EV Of WarnerMedia Stake February
maker was clear winner
https://ﬁnance.yahoo.com/news/apple-us-developers-agree-app-000000693.html 4/4