2/1/22, 9:14 AM New Features in Keynote, Pages, and Numbers Enhance Remote Presentations and Working with Documents on the Go
Quote Lookup
ApNple eIncw. (A AFPLe) atures in Keynote, Pages,
Add to watchlist Visitors trend 2W 10W 9M
NasdaqGS - NasdaqGS Real Time Price. Currency in USD Related Quotes
1a7n0.d3 3Numbers Enhance Remote SymbQoluote LookupLast Price Change % Change
+11.11 (+6.98%) 170.70 +0.37 (+0.22%)
       
AAPL 173.77 -1.01 -0.58%
At cPlose:r Janeuarsy 28e 04n:00PtM EaSTtions anAdfter  hoWurs: Jaon 28r, 07k:59iPMn ESTg with Apple Inc.
Summary Company Outlook Chart Conversations Statistics Historical Data Proﬁle Financials Analysis Options Holders Sustainability
Documents on the Go Recently Viewed
Symbol Last Price Change % Change
AAPL 173.77 -1.01 -0.58%
Apple Inc.
September 28, 2021
In this article:
AAPL
-0.58%
Keynote adds new tools for collaborative
Teen who turned down $5,000 from Elon
presenting; Pages makes it easier to work with
Musk to shut down a Twitter account
documents on iPhone; and Numbers brings pivot tracking the billionaire's jet says he gets too…
Business Insider
tables to iPhone, iPad, and Mac
CUPERTINO, Calif., September 28, 2021--
(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apple® today updated its
iWork® suite of productivity apps with new
features that enable users to present in powerful
new ways and make it even easier to work with
NFTs bring live event tickets ‘to life,’
documents on the go. New tools in Keynote® make YellowHeart CEO says
presentations more engaging, with the ability to Yahoo Finance
show a live camera view of the presenter directly in
slides, and more collaborative with multi-presenter
control. Pages® makes it easier than ever to view
and edit documents on the go by automatically
displaying text and images in a single-column ﬂow
that is optimized for iPhone®. And Numbers®
What's next for President Biden and the
economy
introduces pivot tables that bring powerful data
Yahoo Finance Video
analytics capabilities to iPhone, iPad®, and Mac®.
This press release features multimedia. View the
full release here:
https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/202109
28005374/en/
Oil Punches Higher at the Week’s Open on
Finance Home Watchlists My Portfolio Cryptocurrencies Screeners Yahoo Finance Plus MaUrkkertasine, Demand Outlook
Bloomberg
https://ﬁnance.yahoo.com/news/features-keynote-pages-numbers-enhance-170000036.html 1/52/1/22, 9:14 AM New Features in Keynote, Pages, and Numbers Enhance Remote Presentations and Working with Documents on the Go
Keynote, Pages, and Numbers come with all-new
US sends Osprey to South China Sea on
features that make it easy to create amazing work
crashed F-35C jet salvage mission, Chinese
think tank says on Twitter
on iPhone, iPad, and Mac. (Photo: Business Wire)
South China Morning Post
"Whether they are in the oﬃce, at school, or
working remotely, users around the world love
Keynote, Pages, and Numbers for their powerful
features, ease of use, and seamless experience
across iPhone, iPad, and Mac," said Bob Borchers,
Apple’s vice president of Worldwide Product
UPDATE 3-More than 1,400 U.S. ﬂights
Marketing. "Today, we’re adding even more power canceled by winter storm in Northeast
Reuters
and capability to these apps with new productivity
and collaboration features that enable anyone to
create more personal and compelling
presentations, make working with documents on
iPhone a breeze, and bring full-featured pivot
tables to mobile for the ﬁrst time."
New Ways to Present in Keynote
Powerful new tools make Keynote presentations
more personal, engaging, and collaborative. With
the option to use the front-facing camera on
iPhone, iPad, and Mac, users can now add live video
directly to their presentations. This allows the
presenter to appear alongside the content in their
slide — ideal for lectures, how-to videos, and
remote presentations through video conferencing
apps. Live video objects can be easily resized or
styled with masks, frames, drop shadows, and
reﬂections for a more elegant look. Mac users can
connect multiple external cameras to further
enhance the live video experience, and they can
even show the screen of a connected iPhone or
iPad right on a slide for live, interactive demos.
Story continues
Finance Home Watchlists My Portfolio Cryptocurrencies Screeners Yahoo Finance Plus Markets
https://ﬁnance.yahoo.com/news/features-keynote-pages-numbers-enhance-170000036.html 2/52/1/22, 9:14 AM New Features in Keynote, Pages, and Numbers Enhance Remote Presentations and Working with Documents on the Go
Finance Home Watchlists My Portfolio Cryptocurrencies Screeners Yahoo Finance Plus Markets
https://ﬁnance.yahoo.com/news/features-keynote-pages-numbers-enhance-170000036.html 3/52/1/22, 9:14 AM New Features in Keynote, Pages, and Numbers Enhance Remote Presentations and Working with Documents on the Go
Recommended Stories
Yahoo Finance Video Motley Fool Yahoo Finance Video Motley Fool Motley Fool
UPS boosts dividend by 1 Growth Stock Down 76% AT&T to spin oﬀ Warner Why Plug Power, Bloom Why Carnival Corporation
48%, stock rises That Could Soar, According Media, AMC stock rises on Energy, and Other Fuel Cell Stock Popped Today
t W llSt t Q4 id St k J dT d
American City Business Investor's Business Daily Yahoo Finance Video Investor's Business Daily Motley Fool
Journals
Here's The 'New AT&T' If SPACs: Some EV AT&T Stock Falls On 2 Wildly Undervalued Dow
In drag races between You Want A Rock-Solid companies are ‘close to Slashed Dividend, Spin Oﬀ Dividend Stocks to Buy in
Lucid and Tesla, one EV Dividend valueless,’ strategist says Of WarnerMedia Stake February
maker was clear winner
Finance Home Watchlists My Portfolio Cryptocurrencies Screeners Yahoo Finance Plus Markets
https://ﬁnance.yahoo.com/news/features-keynote-pages-numbers-enhance-170000036.html 4/52/1/22, 9:14 AM New Features in Keynote, Pages, and Numbers Enhance Remote Presentations and Working with Documents on the Go
https://ﬁnance.yahoo.com/news/features-keynote-pages-numbers-enhance-170000036.html 5/5